	 	 Greedy Kiundu

	 Author: Mutugi Kamundi

	 Illustrator: Alex Zablon





A long time ago, in the village of Nyamani, there lived a man known as Kiundu. Kiundu liked to eat very much. He especially liked to eat meat.



2/13





One day, the chief of the village invited all the villagers to his son's wedding.



3/13





Then Kiundu heard people talking about another wedding party. It was in a nearby village called

Katumbi. “Two parties on the same day!” Kiundu thought.



4/13





“I must attend both parties,” Kiundu said to himself. “I will first walk to Katumbi and then come back to Nyamani.”



5/13





Kiundu woke up early in the morning and walked to Katumbi village. When he arrived he saw that the

cooks were still preparing the food. “I will go back to Nyamani and return here later,” Kiundu decided.



6/13





Kiundu walked back to Nyamani hoping to find the meat ready. He was now hungry. But when he arrived, people there were also still preparing the food.



7/13





“When I left Katumbi they were starting to cook,” he thought. “The food must be ready now.” So Kiundu

walked back to Katumbi. He was now very hungry.



8/13





By the time Kiundu got to Katumbi, people had already eaten. Guests were giving presents to the bride and the groom. Kiundu did not have a gift to give. He only wanted to eat.



9/13





Kiundu was most disappointed about missing the food. He decided to walk back to Nyamani village. He was hungry and tired and walked very slowly.



10/13





When he arrived at Nyamani village, people were singing and dancing. They had already eaten all the food!



11/13





When he heard that there was no food, Kiundu fainted. He had missed meat from both parties. When he recovered, he got some porridge in a small cup!



12/13





Kiundu walked home again, still hungry.



13/13





This book was made possible by Pratham Books' StoryWeaver platform. Content under Creative Commons licenses can be downloaded, translated and can even be used to create new stories ­ provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this, and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link.





Story Attribution:

This story: Greedy Kiundu is written by Mutugi Kamundi . © African Storybook Initiative , 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Other Credits:

This book has been published on StoryWeaver by African Storybook Initiative. Images Attributions:

Cover page: Man eating outside his house, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 2: Man eating, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 3: Man sitting with his wife, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 4: Three men talking, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 5: Man thinking, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 6: Cooking pot, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 7: Man kindling fire, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 8: Man walking down the path, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 9: Standing line to receive gifts, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 10: Man walking back to his village, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 11: Men and women dancing, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license.




Disclaimer:https://www.storyweaver.org.in/terms_and_conditions

Some rights reserved. This book is CC­-BY­-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/





This book was made possible by Pratham Books' StoryWeaver platform. Content under Creative Commons licenses can be downloaded, translated and can even be used to create new stories ­ provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this, and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link.





Images Attributions:

Page 12: Villagers showing their pots and pans, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 13: Man walking, by Alex Zablon © African Storybook Initiative, 2014. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license.




Disclaimer:https://www.storyweaver.org.in/terms_and_conditions

Some rights reserved. This book is CC­-BY­-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/





		 Greedy Kiundu (English)

		 			 Kiundu is a greedy, selfish man. How will he make the best of the two parties going on in the village?



	 	 	 This is a Level 3 book for children who are ready to read on their own.





Pratham Books goes digital to weave a whole new chapter in the realm of multilingual children's stories. Knitting together children, authors, illustrators and publishers. Folding in teachers, and translators. To create a rich fabric of openly licensed multilingual stories for the children of India ­­ and the world. Our unique online platform, StoryWeaver, is a playground where children, parents, teachers and librarians can get creative. Come, start weaving today, and help us get a book in every child's hand!





